Welcome to Project Loot

This is an attempt to both learn GAE and finally launch something. The idea is 
simple: make a turn-based multiplayer RPG.

Gameplan:

1. Make an ugly multiplayer demo of a my existing dex.py using the GAE "blitz"
demo as a base.

2. Find artists/designers to make it pretty.

3. Make the game slightly more robust/rounded add classes, customization, 
pseudo quests, AI.

4. Launch beta and post to social networking for feedback (reddit, facebook,
twitter)

5. Apply feedback and begin working on native mobile clients.

Gameplay:

Battle may be played with 2 to 4 Players (Teams optional). Each player has 2 to 
5 Heroes that they use to interact. A round consists of players simultaneously 
deciding (in a time limit) what actions each of their Heroes will do and to 
which player. Each Hero has 3 actions Attack, Defend, and some skill/magic that 
expends the player's pooled magic points. 
When everyone has submitted their choices all actions from each team are 
prioritized by Hero agility and action speed. Defendors will be added to the 
frontline immediately. Basic attacks will give damage to the target minus the 
target's pooled defense if he has any defendors. Damage is counted against the
player's pooled health. On each attack a defendor is pushed back to his normal 
position. Magic or skills are caste on their turn. And finally any status 
effects are applied.
Battle continues until less than 2 Players have less than 1 health points in 
their respective pools. The victor is the Player with the highest health pool 
at the end of the battle.

Future plans may include a home castle or village that can be defended by 
heroes while you are offline. Also you may send groups of heroes on unattended
pseudo quests to get gold, experience, etc. You can read text logs of their 
status (like Progress Quest). A must have feature will be matchmaking.
